Now we're going to look at binary search tree insertion.
So here, let's say we have a tree,
we want to insert five.
Right now the tree is empty,
so we'll just put five as the root.
Next, we want to insert six.
So we noticed, what we do is we check and compare six to five,
and six is greater than five,
which means we'll insert to the right.
Since there's nothing else on the right,
we'll just go ahead and let six be the right child of five.
Next, let's insert four.
So we start at the root again.
We compare four to five,
and four is less than five,
so we insert to the left.
Since there's nothing here so far,
four can be a left child of five.
Now let's insert two.
Again, we start at the root,
we compare two to five and two is less than five,
so we're going to traverse to the left.
Since there's already a left child here,
we'll do another comparison.
Two is less than four,
which means we'll insert it to the left.
Okay, so there's question of how you handle duplicates,
and this can be a design choice.
So what happens if you already have five in a tree and you insert five again?
Well, one option is to just override that value or write the node.
Another option would be to keep a count of how many times you've inserted that node.
So if you've inserted five a second time,
that counter gets incremented to two.
Another option is to keep a list of the duplicate nodes.
This might be helpful if the node value is a key,
but each node may actually contain additional information,
and so they're actually slightly different.
You want to just keep track of all of them in a list.
For our exercise, we're just going to assume option one,
that when there's a duplicate, we will just overwrite it.